We straight gasin', cuttin' straight to the bricks. Haha, this shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
We smokin' runts.
Shorty got a BBL, took that shit out because she couldn't run. I had to do it to them, Snipe. I went Judge Judy on that pussy, Snipe.
I'm not loyal to anybody, I'm a demon. I have no loyalty for anyone. Never did, never will. Shorty chose to be with a demon, sounds like her problem to me. Haha, this shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
My money longer than James Cameron.
On and off the court, straight fundamentals. No funny business. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
Movin' like Dracula, we get it back in blood. You see it? I really did this. I'm really him.
Flipped a whole brick into an empire. Stop playin' with me. I have no sympathy. I live for this shit. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
I'm nice with it. Haha. My money long. My pockets deep. No pocket-watchin' in these parts. We straight gas and cuttin' straight to the bricks.
Chanel Optics got me seein' shit.

That pussy better stank, otherwise I don't want it.
Popped a Perk 30, got straight to fuckin'. That pussy dulce, smokin' fentanyl, layed cereal milk, I see God. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
That pussy got me screamin', cryin', pissin', shittin', shootin' ropes.
Yeah, we gettin' that Pirate Bay Alien shish kebab, Cordy Seb money.
I hope them aliens are real so that I have more things to fuck.
Smokin' the Qui-Gon Jinn Vietnamese Phillips head runts.
She sucked me like a cordless Dyson V8.
I'm in the K-hole, lickin' balloon knot.
When I got the meat cannon, I be shootin' straight rope. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
Chanel optics got me seein' shit. I need fentanyl slime. I just popped a Holgar Bonzo bean, fuck you mean.
I smoke real Emrani, rapscallion, ghost nuggets.
Y'all can't fuck with me. I'm him. I've been him. I will continue to be him.
Yellow rubies glistenin' like piss.
Gulpin' sea monkeys by the gallon, my tummy feel crazy.
That coochie yummy slime, that coochie doin' it for me slime.
They thought they could stop a demon, I'm back. The Zaza got me speakin' Esperanto. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
We out here cloud seedin', the scope gleamin'. You can't trust me, I don't even trust myself.
I don't know who I am anymore, I'm gettin' too much money.
Ass so fat, I'm peekin' off this Danny Phantom slime. Can you remind me who I am?
Get the president on the phone now. I fronted him a brick. I need my money. Hello, Black China?

I'm moving different. This shit ain't nothing to me, man.
I'm a dog. I'm biting the fart bubbles in the bath.
We smoking symbiote. Smoking that Whoopi Goldberg, South Egyptian, fur burger, deluxe, mega million, scratcher, skunk, bubba kush. We smoking dung beetle. I'm on 12 Vicodin smoking on Scooby Doo dick. We smoking Sequoia Banshee boogers. We snorting that good Buffalo Soldier, Tamron, Jordanian jibbies.
They must have amnesia. They forgot that I'm him.
That Burberry Backwoods pack hitting that pussy smell like a Hellcat V8.
We smoking shit in a glass pipe blowing the Lord's bubbles.
I'm sick in the head.
I'm on them Broward County Tic Tacs. I'm on them Georgetown Geronimos. I'm on them Nashville Nibblers.
I left my Margielas in the Benz truck. I'll have to stun on them next time.
I don't give a fuck if I go blind. I don't need to see the price tag anyway.
I'm high on 12 Jason Bourne's looking to beat the cum out of a thick, fresh Oak.
We smoking filtered crack, you stupid piece of shit. I'll fucking kill you.
Call that pussy The Matrix, cause I'm in this bitch and I can't get out.
Last guy who ran off on the pack, got choked out by some Givenchy gloves. The last thing he ever saw was the price tag on them. Slowly faded into darkness and I let the archangels take him.
I need more Sequoia Banshee boogers.
Don't be shy girl. I love me some pastrami mud flaps.
I'm moving like French Montana. Huh?
Welcome to the cream kingdom, bitch. Open up.
Black China. I drink her piss out of another man's balls.
My shooter a crackhead. He looked like Woody Harrelson.
You ain't seen 10 bands in your life, chit.
Reach for my neck. You'll get turned into an example.
Y'all got to stop playing with me, man. I threw diamonds at the strip clubs under the great pyramids. I pushed the camel through the eye of a needle. This shit ain't nothing to me, man.
Tied the ops to the back of a track hall and dragged them around the block for 24 hours. Motherfucker looked like a Resident Evil 5 campaign extra after we was done with them.
Ops wanted some initiative. Blew up their entire quadrant. I'm moving like Oppenheimer.
She dropped that ass on me from an agregarious angle. They thought I was Stephen Wallace.
Top shelf Zaza disrupted my circadian rhythm.
I have seen the Magna Carta. I have seen the Eye of Hora. I was flipping bricks for Monza Musa before y'all even became a type one civilization.
This shit ain't nothing to me, you stupid piece of shit.
Step the wrong way and you will perish.
That pussy feel like Biscoff butter.
You think I care about this shit? Ask me if I care about this shit, cause I don't give a shit. If I had a dollar for every time they said I gave a shit, I'd be broke cause I don't give a shit.
My bitch look like David Hasselhoff.
I bawled so hard they thought I was a fucking nut sack.
This shit ain't nothing to me, man. I'll kill you, you stupid piece of shit.

The shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
Haters and shambles, they stay pickin' the corn out of my shit.
The Smith and Wesson got me movin' like an invasive species.
I got Midas touch, fuck boi.
Bitch so bad I made her shit in my chopped cheese.
I'm at the bank about to withdraw all of it.
These Valentinos are for Milan, you fuckin' idiot.
That fentanyl gave me Vitruvian man flexibility. Got me in a state of rigor mortis.
Caught a broke boy tryin' to come up on my Amazon package, so I skinned his ass alive. AHHHHHH.
We smokin' Sergey Baka's spinal fluid-infused quick-release perks.
She spread it and let me take a deep sniff of that mahi-mahi.
I gave that pussy a raspberry.
They needed a stealth soldier, so I put my hands on the hibachi hot plate at Benihana. And burned my fuckin' fingerprints off. They will not find me. Konnichiwa, you little jit.
Snortin' some premium modest yahoo got me fightin' for my life.
I make a nice stew out of that pussy.
Blacked out on the Percocet. Ordered a Desert Eagle off Amazon.
I used to nut in my socks until the crust smelled sweet. I ain't never goin' back.
Hidden Valley Ranch ice cream cake in my fronto leaf.
Got subinese crystalline shards pokin' out my lungs. Fuck, boy.
I'm in go Blekky Tepe shirtless in a loincloth blowin' bareback asshole out smokin' aqueduct filtered sherm.
Told Shorty to keep that box breathin'. Yeah, she's squeezin' the garlic.
We smokin' Jabba man. Face pressed up against that monkey sniffin' for dear life.
The Cuban link will turn the diamond tester into a pipe bomb.
Glock 34 shivered his timbers.
Blew her back out usin' a mammoth skin condom.
Dick pussy free ballin' like Shaq and Kobe.
I'm smokin' Mesopotamian Stanley Cup triple award winning soul bleeder taint blaster JD Power Associates' Dingleberry Zaza.
We smokin' that IBM quantum computer.
I can't wait to curb stomp you in these dumb ugly ass Rick Owens shoes.
I'm Dracula. I'm 12 million years old.
When I hit it from behind, the room smells like absolute michi.
They said I wouldn't shit on him. I spread my cheeks and hit him with an absolute screamer. Little bro was emaciated. The Perks done ate lil' cuzzo ass up.
These cops are interrogatin' me about an ounce of weed, as if I didn't kill an Applebee's hostess two miles away.
I come from a long bloodline of Italian leather. My bodegas have veins pumpin' through them.
Smokin' indigenous pronto leaf in a bacon, egg, and cheese. Hashtag Leche Menderoy.
Eyes bloodshot leanin' up against the wall, beatin' off to my chrome heart's boots. 
Ops was talkin' crazy. Shot him in the mouth.
My Audemars Piguet worth the GDP of Yemen. If this watch breaks, the foreign exchange market will take a 28% hit.People will die.
My diamonds come from the most horrific situations possible.
Slurpin' a quick release Perk off the plate like a pinto bean.
I keep my Glock at the Vatican.
She squirt on me. I love bein' covered in the chi-chi manga.
They're sick in the head. They forgot I'm him. I'm the him-ulation. I am him- Kardashian. Him buck two. Him on him pumba.
I got my DNA test back. Turns out I'm 100% Himalayan.
Fuck it. I ate the op.
She let me hit it. That gash sound like Sam Monroe.
You ran off with the Dee Dee Kong. Triple espresso. Personal hotspot. Stem gripper runs.
There are consequences to your crimes against Dracula.
Get Shorty out of here. She's built like a J. Electronica verse.
I swear vesose said it best, im a mud baby, I can't stop.
I have more Perks than there are stars in the Leo cluster.
I'm claimin' every corner. Every block. Fuck it. I'm comin' for every enzyme.
Snortin' Dexi. Eatin' skate right outta the lake.
Op with sneak dissin' on the gram. Turned a city into Pompeii.
These ain't no mall mains, you ugly bastard. They wanna drive a wooden stake into my heart for pullin' my cock out at the Toronto Blue Jays game. All I'msayin' is I paid for the tickets.
My Ducati leather trench coat, bright red, I look like 10 million crawdads fuckin'.
That elite pussy turned me into a radical.
I'm movin' lucrative. I'm in the pod smokin' subulba, smokin' that good shooby-doo wah.
I'm fucked up in the crib listenin' to Trill Sammy.
I'm on the Ivory Coast eatin' vermilion snapper. War is all I think about.
I've never been scared in my life, Jit. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
I need my perks. I need my perks. One perk is never enough.
Popped a Brazilian butt berserker and had that pussy screechin' like a harpy eagle. Ugh!
I'm smokin' that shit that makes a toes curl.
I'm doin' a lot of drugs, a lot.
Walked along the sand dunes of the Sahara Desert for 40 days and 40 nights with nothin' but a pack of Newports and a fifth of Henny. I really do this shit.
I'm startin' to get real pissed off. What the fuck is Obamacare? Hey, Obama, I don't care about shit.
Look at this shit. I sold crack to myself.
Spun around the block so many times they thought it was fuckin' Minecraft.
We smokin' that Boomhauer.
Choked his goofy ass out with a V.B. Simon belt.
She wanted dick, but I gave her crack.
I'm smokin' lizard taint. Snipping monkey. It's monkey Monday. Show me that monkey.
Ah! I'm gettin' too much money.
I'm fucked up drinkin' a Chinese Modelo.
I'm smokin' on that hush puppy, Limon.
Broke boy wasn't ballin' enough. Welcome to the Wong Dong Tiger.
These Ferragamos are real, cunt. I got more sticks than a fucking forest.
I have the blueprint of the catacombs.
Pop four flim flams at K.O.D. came out with hepatitis. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man. I'll fuckin' kill you.
I smoked a new op, his meat came right off the bone.
The first time I smoked runts, I coughed so fuckin' hard, I started passing kidney stones. Then shat myself in front of the gang. There was scat all over the pounds we shipped out for the next 30 business days. 
I don't have any compassion for broke boys. Everybody has an asshole. Most people have dick and balls. Go outside and get a bag.
I knew the perk was fake, but I still ate it because I'm a gremlin.
I'll air this bitch out like I shit in it.
I took two limitless pills to limit myself.
I got so much cheese in my pocket, they thought I was a fuckin' calzone.
That pussy balder than Howie Mandel.
Crashed the Benz truck, sipped some mud. Everything felt all right. Popped a bean, now I wanna kill someone.
Yeah, I drill with my mask off. I'm movin' like Gilbert Arenas, snippin' white phosphorus.
The Vatican wants to wet me up with silver bullets, but I'm on a goddamn samurai pill.
I'm a real creature. I'll spin the block, huffin' spores to see tomorrow's stock market. Lungs lookin' crazy, rollin' the old flesh cigar around your fingertips.
Boy ran off with a banjo kazooie. I had to cast a spell on that motherfucker.
I got strands of RNA in my hookah. Every puff is an insult to God.
The dust pack got me doin' the third world stare.
This Zaza will give you a 2019 Alex Caruso hairline.
Chopper small and sturdy, built like Wilmer Valderrama.
I let her hit the Zaza just to buy her a bit more time, but all she wanted to do was fuck my brains out, then euthanize herself.
Dehydrated the soot between her ass cheeks and snorted that shit through my eyelids.
Track hawks sound like game seven. Yahoo!
I'll give you that fluoride stare.
Pussy so tight I had to scissor her ass.
This Henny got me feelin' crazy. This Henny got me wantin' the shit. This Henny got me feelin' like DDG.
My bitch pussy fatter than Drewski.
Drank man, please. I'm thirsty. I'm ready, I'm tryin' to po up. Drank man, please. This Henny makin' me wanna go to the mall and do somethin' crazy.
If Santa come down my chimney, I'm gonna fuck him.
RHUU, RHUU, thats what my hellcat sounds like.
This shit aint nothin to me, man.

How can I be homophobic? I blew his fucking brains out.
This luger will send a Christian to hell.
Shorty looked so good, I used her piss as crab boil.
Nutted so crazy, I got a 108 degree fever.
Smoking on Congolese dick wick, looking for a signal. I went dark a long time ago.
Packed her asshole so tight, she pushed out a pearl.
The fentanyl got me moving like a claymation figure.
Real premium French scatatouille.
Money longer than KD's feet.
Started off shooting dice in the cum slump. Learned how to load the 9mm canic and change the trajectory of everything. This shit ain't nothing to me, man.
I fuck like it's for survival. As if it's the last sip of water I'll ever get. Ribs visible, eyes bloodshot, thrusting away.
Got my cob looking like Mexican street corn.
I'm so violent and sick in the head, I can't tell if I want to kill my ops or fuck them.
Zaza got me feeling like everything gonna be alright.
Got the registered God particle on my hip.
Ready to have some hickory smoked op.
Wiped the nut on my emery jeans and got right back to fucking work.
Sipping on McDonald's house red.
AK sing like a castrati. Woo hoo!
I have no morals or belief system. I have no spirituality or anything that gives my life meaning or structure. They ask me to shoot, I do it. I have no character.
Homegirl got a nice little turd cutter on her.
Put a bag over his head and sent him to paradise.
The San Francisco got me looking and moving like Mr. Bean. I ain't saying shit.
Got a ruptured eardrum from having my ear to the streets for so fucking long.
On a full moon, I'll fuck anything.
I'm smoking on that Sumerian Quasimodo carpet bomber obsequious demon whisperer runts.
Pussy boy wanted beef with me over galactic acquisition. Called his mistress over and put 10 inches on her forehead like Peyton Manning.
I'm a street creature.
The weed will have you in purgatory screaming for eternity. You will relive every key mistake you've ever made in your life. Over and over and over again.
I was in the Maybach gripping the stem. Snipped the banjo string. Roamed around northern Cambodia with an open incision.
They told me I wouldn't shake the city so I shook that shit like a crying toddler.
Hit the gelato papaya, took a sip of the Jose. Everything turned red for eight minutes. Woke up in Geneva. Oh man, I did it again didn't I.
Destroyed his bando with a solar flare.
I'm in the club listening to the brown note.
My dogs will do anything for a Newport and I mean anything.
They think I'm homosexual the way I'm chasing the sack.
Whippets left me with a drool and a shit-eating grin.
My bitch look like Timothée Chalamet.
I'm a product of the gutter. I fried up some corn snake for the cuzzos.
The Zod Zod got me talking like Pingu.
I'm the real Goliath Grouper.
I'ma need you to suck the pigmentation out of this one, young blood.
Shorty ass so fat I thought I was balls deep in Kyle Lowry.
I only handed back the free world because I was bored.
This blunt is overwhelmingly large. This blunt has a pulse. This blunt looks like Ray J's dick. This blunt got veins pumping through it. This blunt curved right at the tip. This blunt looks like it's been pushed out. This blunt has a family somewhere worried as hell. I ain't even gonna hide it no more. This blunt feels like a solid fibrous piece of shit straight up, a big meaty piece of shit. Balanced diets, lots of fruit and vegetables, would honestly float in the water, which is a sign of good health. Husky little fella.
The Za Za got me connecting the dots.
There are bugs under my skin. I need to dig them out with a screwdriver.
She broke my heart, had me shadowboxing behind the 7-Eleven in my 2005 Cleveland Lebron jersey, Zara jeans, and some LRG shoes.
Windows tinted, listening to T. Grizzly smoking on a goon rock. The bugs are back.
I'm smoking on pussy slaw, the worms in my head won't shut the hell up. They're telling me to go absolutely fucking stupid on them.
I don't even need to brandish the nine.
I'm pissing and drooling all over myself. Howling and itching to take lives. Shit. I'm so excited to take lives. I'm literally covered in caca la shitty boy michi. I can't even take care of myself when I think about this shit.
Smoking a real nuclear shit submarine.
I got this shit figured out.
Smoked a 7 gram backwood of shadow whisperer. Shit had me fucked up in the crib looking up pictures of dogs with human eyes.
I got interdimensional demons dropping the pen as we speak. They'll take anyone back over there.
Unholy doses of Percocet and Hennessy got me shitting the bed more than the Oakland A's.
I'm back to back with God shaking the fucking universe. This is an army of two. Feed his ass and send him into an improvement cycle. He look like bandman Tebow now.
This za feel like heroin. This heroin feel like za.
Flashed it at the parking lot in the Linux mall with a serial number scratched out and everything.
Threw the op into the particle collider. Watched his ass get pulled apart into a million pieces. Turned his sorry ass into some data.
Stuffed her booty hole with some sour diesel and sent her on her way.
That little flesh canoe got a mesquite vibe to it. Perhaps an apple or cherrywood smoke.
She took a chance and spread it for a Nebraska dollar.
She had a whole speakeasy behind those meat curtains.
The pussy has its own time signature.
The bugs are back.
Rings so heavy I can't answer the phone.
I don't want to kill them. Shut up. I don't want to kill anybody.
Put the gun down young man. There's too much pussy out there to kill yourself.
That pussy tighter than the bullet proof counter window at a white Castle.
How can I be gay? My bitch is homophobic, haha. Shoutout to my man Sintch.
Wagwan big one up yourself. Select a dutty wine roadside gal. Mia gon fuck.
58% THC pre rolled joints. Rolled in keef. Had me reading the book of Revelations. We are indeed close.
I bought her Chanel bags until there was nothing left in her eyes.
Motherfuckers live in their car and call it van life. Stop lying to yourself and just say you're homeless. You stupid bum.
I'm at Magic City moving like the government.
I fucked her with my and one shoes on and some shorts.
Eating Khloe Kardashian's ass like I'm dying. And there's a second chance in there.
I'm a high functioning shooter.
Yeah, I'm big on astrology. I'm always looking at a fat dirt star every chance I get.
I'm off a rhino pill ready to get my rocks off.
My watch cost 50 bands and I still don't have time for you fuckboys. Pussy clot.
The casualties you will suffer trying to fuck with me will have you thinking like Magnus Carlsen.
I need to kill. I need to kill.
Rome wasn't built in a day. But this nine millimeter certainly was. Give me the fucking fentanyl.
Just finished on my own stomach. Time for some oxtail.
I I'm kind of feeling myself right now gang.
We smoking eucalyptus pigeon shit.
She was awestruck admiring the girth, the link, the texture, the vein thickness, blood flow, color circumcision gave her a binti a come with two pumps of Draconut. All I'm saying is if I paid for the hour, I'ma get the full hour fucking so long my cock is sanded out smooth.
This chopped cheese is from Red Hook and this clock was 3D printed in Bangladesh. This shit is international.
I'm posting it up at the crib with three bitches feasting on some Nicaraguan nose nachos while listening to Richard Mary. I'm a real glutton.
Went to old block and nobody ever heard of you slime.
Motherfucker, these are not Roo Roo Rumin's. These are Chrome Hearts. I'm smoking that Rasputin. Hear ye, hear ye. Durban poison.
DJ Mustard. Let me in Dijon. Let me in. Mustard on the beat hoe.
Martif Morris always been my favorite twin.
Motherfucker, of course I have a pink tip.
I come from a low-frequency environment, and I've only used cash my entire life. The only time I ever held a card was when I borrowed my cousin's Bank of America debit card to slice open a funnel cake at the county fair when I took my daughter there on a trip amidst a lengthy child-custody battle with my ex-wife, attempting to prove to the judge that I'm a responsible father. But we all know I'm fucking not. I got the kid's ears pierced at two years old, and she already knows what Red Bull tastes like. I'm fucked. Judge, if you're seeing this, please let me have Mackenzie back. I even wore my nice eight-ball jean jacket to the last court hearing. I'm ready to change.
That shorty's spitting my chicken and rice.
I've been fully consumed by hatred, jealousy, and lust. I can't help but get thrown into a violent trance at the slightest hint of criticism or pushback.
Poured up with famous decks, started doing the nod walk. Whoa, Dexter.
My impulsive nature causes conflict at any given time. Like T. Flock, I had to up it in Fashion District, shot into the Hermes store, and hit eight people. I made sure all the Birkin bags were unarmed so that the hoes don't bug out on me about it later.
The Zazah got me acting inconsiderate.
Give me a mattress and a fleshlight, I'll thrive anywhere. 
I wept for there were no worlds left to conquer.
I was at the Battle of Jericho taunting both sides with my cock out.
Taped the fleshlight to the bottom of my desk and got right into it. Didn't talk to anyone for 52 hours.
The 12,000-year-old jinkum's so old, it doesn't even smell no more.
Smoking Zazah like I don't believe in myself.
I got to where I am today through violence. I'm thankful for it.
They call me Ben Simmons because I don't play at all.
Helped myself and went fucking nuts on the beefy. Don't mind if I do.
These white people are crazy. Fuck them.
Never let these white people change you.
Pistol built like Dave Portnoy.
I have no backbone. I'm loyal to whoever pays the most. My character is so flawed, the only time I ever stood ten toes on anything was on the op's throat.
I was one of nine babies abandoning the bando. My earliest memory is getting breastfed by the pit bull.
I'm so busy shooting, I'm celibate.
I'm moving like Meek Mill. Where you get them vibrating panties? Is them on Amazon?
Shorty's head built like the Warner Brothers logo.
Shorty's head built like Damian Lillard.
Shorty's head built like an asteroid.
Shorty's head built like a bionicle.
Shorty's head built like a garlic knot.
Shorty's head built like a Chevrolet.
Shorty's head built like Papua New Guinea.
Shorty's head built like a South Park character.
Y'all are crabs in a bucket. And I got Old Bay seasoning. Maybe even some Zatarans. Fuck it.
Chewing on the labia for six hours like a steak from Cracker Barrel.
Found the homies beheading video on Daily Motion. That little jit owed me money. What the fuck, dude?
Didn't drink any water all day. Tried to nut on her chest, but the cum was thick like a loogie. Shit didn't even get any air time. It slowly dribbled over my fingers and didn't even hit the ground. The chlorine smell was insufferable. So I offset the smell with some crack.
Cops wanted to detain me for aggressively hitting the claw machine. I'm trying to explain to him that we were all just atoms, so he might as well let me go.
Taking the wildest huff of Bengay mid-climax, had my eyes rolling back with my tongue hanging out, howling in ecstasy, squirming around on a twin-sized mattress in an empty Section 8 apartment. They say if you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life.
Perks put me on the wrong side of history almost every time.
I beat my own head in with a rock because I couldn't stand the fact that I'll never get to fuck her.
Grab a leaf made everything go black and white.
You think I'm standing here eating sauteed bok choy because I want to? I'm waiting for the red light district to open you fuckhead. Use your fucking head!
Pulled out the Luger, put his ass in a to-go box. Little rib cage ass motherfucker, I put a hole in that boy.
She listens to rock and roll, I smoke rock and roll.
Psychologically terrorized the op until he killed himself at the Michael Jordan steakhouse.
One thing about me, I only fuck in fluorescent lighting. I need to see absolutely everything.
Some of you have never heated up a banana peel in the microwave for eight seconds to replicate the warmth of a vagina and it shows.
I come from nothing. I started this shit. I was in the bandeau blasting loads onto the wall, letting it dry. I was in the sticks using rubber gloves, to trick myself into thinking I was being serviced by a nurse. You can't even imagine what the fuck I've been through. I'm psycho. I'll rub my own nut all over the glock to let them know I really been here.
I'm a real shit flinging beast. If my skull wasn't made out of titanium, I'd kill myself. I really want to and I really should, but God doesn't give with two hands. Fuck!
We smoking bile. Cooked our shit into a nice room.
Boy wanted some clout. I put him on the news and turned him into a real superstar.
Humans will never understand their true abilities. Why the fuck did we kill up the Neanderthals? Those idiots could have easily worked construction and doubled our profits.
You better bring me that brick lickety split.
Little bro greened out off the cart the other day and thought I was Sammy Sosa. We're getting warmer.
The day I go broke will be the day hell freezes over.
How you feel gang?
She eating my ass and whatnot.
I'm free basing etc. and pouring my soul into the game. When everyone gave up on the block, I didn't hesitate to start selling my balls, booty and dick.
Pussy boys tried to rob me so I tranquilized them and boiled them in duck broth till their bones floated to the surface. Then I added some andouille sausage, garlic powder, onion powder, red pepper flakes, black pepper, Tony seasoning and enjoyed me some nice steamy op gumbo.
I'm in Myrtle Beach scraping rust off the fucking frogs losing my goddamn mind.
She giving me talk and so on and so forth.
Choke bitch ass up before I slap the dog shit out of you.
I believe in you. You can accomplish anything you want in this life.
I'm a fucking mud slut.
That pussy had a plethoric gorilla grip strength.
I can feel the fungi munching on my brain. I'm sick! Ah! The worms! The worms! The worms! The worms! The worms!
I'm in the Mariana Trench smoking submersible.
I folded her fat ass up like a futon and climbed into her pussy like a marsupial.
I had to put the poppers down cuz it was really moving the needle. I'm moving the needle.
I keep on pumping until the viscosity is just right.
My shotgun got a switch on it bitch. I'll turn Twitter fingers into Twinkies.
The worms in my head keep talking. Tiger?
Drop the low on they ass pussy boy. Thought he had the drop then I swiss cheese that motherfucker. Turned his SRT into a convertible.
Put a switch on the Glock. This motherfucker sounded like a Beyblade.
Ah! The worms are back! Ah! The worms are back!
That perk eating my ass up. They don't call it a scat pack for no reason.
I had a bad bitch in the passenger seat and I pressed the gas and showed her what 485 horsepower feels like. Then she shitted on my seat.
I don't give a shit. This za got me shittin' like the henny got me shittin' shit-ception.
Uh-oh. That henny about to make me shit.
You think I care about this shit? The only time I feel something is when I look.
I want to watch you burn.
Ah! I remember when I took my first perk.
I got the drum on me. I'm about to make a fucking beat.
I'm moving crazy. I'm a fucking junkie cannibal. All I want to do is sip mud and eat my ops.
The worms! Ah! The worms are back!
This shit ain't nothing to me, man.

If she aint flickin it to the to the AVGN every night then i don't want it.
Broke boy tried to run my pockets, the feds were pickin his teeth out of the stomach of a crocodile.
Half man, half bull in the sheets, they call me the himotaur
The waitress in the Denny's game me a pill for my headach, I woke up 5 weeks later in a Bolivian casino, naked, holdin a grip of unmarked bills, with 3 kilos of tiger shit surgically inserted into my small intesine. This shit aint nothin to me, man.
I move quiet, I move subtle. Last time I was pinched it was for flippin bricks in the tower of bable.
That pussy had a 35 megaton payload. She drop it on me and civilizations burn.
My smoke so tough it'll send a broke boy to the polio ward. Little jit livin the next 4 decades inside an iron lung.
We smokin different, we somken unethical. We rollin up the dead sea scrolls and ashin on the tablets of the covenant.
Ive seen shit you would not believe. My spirit invaded the body of a falcon and spent 4 years killin song birds in the Iranian highlands.
I caught the Zodiac killer in 1974. gave that little bitch an atomic wedgie and let him walk away.
Im doin donuts in her pussy, im hittin it in ways that are an affront to man and god.